c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\AboutPage.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Analysis.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\checkstat.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\QuickFacts.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.exe
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.pdb
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.g.i.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.g.i.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.g.i.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.xaml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.xaml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.xaml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.xaml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Crimson.Windows.exe
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Crimson.Windows.pdb
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\courage\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Courage\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Travel.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\AboutPage.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Analysis.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\checkstat.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\QuickFacts.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Travel.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.xr.xml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\bin\Debug\Crimson.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.xaml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\AboutPage.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Analysis.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\checkstat.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\QuickFacts.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Travel.xbf
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Crimson.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\Crimson.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Courage\Desktop\Imagine Cup\Crimson\Crimson\Crimson.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
